README.md, before:

This script automates the creation of a basic directory structure and files for a data science or machine learning project. It is designed to set up an empty project with standard directories and placeholder files, making it easier to start your project.

The package will create the following structure and files:

    .
    ├── .github
    │   └── workflows
    │       └── .gitkeep
    ├── src
    │   └── (projectName)
    │       ├── __init__.py
    │       ├── modules
    │       │   └── __init__.py
    │       ├── utilities
    │       │   └── __init__.py
    │       ├── pipeline
    │       │   └── __init__.py
    │       ├── constants
    │       │   └── __init__.py
    ├── models
    │   └── .gitkeep
    ├── data
    │   ├── raw
    │   │   └── .gitkeep
    │   ├── intermediate
    │   │   └── .gitkeep
    │   └── processed
    │       └── .gitkeep
    ├── reports
    │   └── .gitkeep
    ├── research
    │   └── experiments.ipynb
    ├── tests
    │   └── .gitkeep
    ├── main.py
    ├── app.py
    ├── Dockerfile
    ├── requirements.txt
    ├── setup.py
    └── README.md

    The script will log each directory and file creation, only creating empty files if they do not already exist.

Notes:
    Make sure to customize the projectName variable according to your project's name.
    This script assumes Python is installed on your system.

Commit message:

Updated Folder structure and code

README.md, after:

This package automates the creation of a basic directory structure and files for a data science or machine learning project. It is designed to set up an empty project with standard directories and placeholder files, making it easier to start your project.

The package will create the following structure and files:

    .
    ├── .github
    │   └── workflows
    │       └── .gitkeep
    ├── src
    │   └── (projectName)
    │       ├── __init__.py
    │       ├── modules
    │       │   └── __init__.py
    │       ├── utilities
    │       │   └── __init__.py
    │       ├── pipeline
    │       │   └── __init__.py
    │       ├── constants
    │       │   └── __init__.py
    ├── models
    │   └── .gitkeep
    ├── data
    │   ├── raw
    │   │   └── .gitkeep
    │   ├── intermediate
    │   │   └── .gitkeep
    │   └── processed
    │       └── .gitkeep
    ├── reports
    │   └── .gitkeep
    ├── research
    │   └── experiments.ipynb
    ├── tests
    │   └── .gitkeep
    ├── main.py
    ├── app.py
    ├── Dockerfile
    ├── requirements.txt
    ├── setup.py
    └── README.md


Usage:
    Run the script from the directory where you intend to create the project template. 
    ```bash
    # Replace 'MyProject' according to your project's name
    from dsforge import creator
    creator("MyProject")
    ```

## Notes:

The script will log each directory and file creation.
Below is a guide for folder usage:

  - **src/(projectName):** Main source code directory.
  - **models:** Reserved for storing model files.
  - **data/raw:** For storing raw/intermediate/processed data files.
  - **reports:** For storing graphs and reports.
  - **research:** Jupyter notebook for experiments.
  - **tests:** Reserved for test scripts.
  - **main.py:** Main entry point for the project.
  - **app.py:** Web-app specific code.
